At the end of the last lecture we get this error here whereas somehow we get an error that we have no
form controls.
Now what's causing that.
Keep in mind this error occurred when we laid around here went to recipes and went back we added some
recipes but that didn't make the difference.
Editing something leaving the page and coming back Costus error.
Do you know why.
The issue is if we do added an item by calling update ingredient we don't actually exit out of edit
mode.
We don't set our edited ingredient back to NULL.
We don't set the index back to minus 1.
So what we need to do is when editing an ingredient no matter if we do is because we updated it or deleted
it.
We need to reset that information here.
So for example for update ingredient here all that all the said edited Ingredion back to null and added
an ingredient index back to minus one.
And I'll do the very same for deleting it.
Now let's save this and see what this changes by Update does that all still seems to work deleting works
too.
But now if I navigate back and forth we still get that error.
So that was day at well the issue is we only reset if I click Update or delete only if we trigger any
of these two actions update or delete.
This is when we update the state we need a new action which is actually dispatched whenever we leave
the page 2 and I'll set it up in actions or duplicate starred action as a start address and call it
stop at it.
That will all be my strong value for it is actually now all.
Copy that class here.
Remove the constructor.
I don't need a payload and call it stop added assignees stop added value here and also added to this
Bondel to have an easy overview over all the actions we export or have here stop and it will be handled
in my reducers then I'll add it to your shopping list actions.
Stop at it and there I simply want you return to state where I said edited ingredient to null and payload
or suzerainty index to minus one to reset it here too.
And now with dead I can go to my shopping edit component and here an NGO undestroyed.
I want to simply call this store dispatch new shopping list actions stop added like dead and now we
should have fixed it.
Now if you go back to the application select an item here and leave it select that navigate away and
come back.
Now it's working because we exited added mode and now this should all work just fine.
We now navigate around added I'd add items to it go there click on them.
This should now all work just fine because now we get this configured in a way that we manage everything
in NDR X that cleanly start and stop editing and that our components can focus on the logic related
to displaying the content whilst we manage our data in our energy our next story.